feat(preferred): Add `oxlint` as an alternative for `eslint-plugin-import` and `eslint-plugin-react` (#664)
es-tooling/module-replacements: docs/modules/eslint-plugin-import.md

  }
}
```

## `oxlint`

[`oxlint`](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter.html) is a Rust-based linter for JavaScript and TypeScript that is compatible with ESLint. It has ports of most rules from ESLint and its popular plugins, including `eslint-plugin-import`.

Oxlint is intended to be backwards-compatible with ESLint as much as possible, but not all rules are implemented yet, and some are not planned to be implemented at all. See [the GitHub issue](https://github.com/oxc-project/oxc/issues/1117) for specifics.

The migration process from ESLint is covered in [the Oxlint documentation](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/migrate-from-eslint.html) and can usually be done automatically from an ESLint flat config using [`@oxlint/migrate`](https://github.com/oxc-project/oxlint-migrate).

> [!NOTE]

> > `oxlint` is not necessarily a full, drop-in replacement. See [the GitHub issue](https://github.com/oxc-project/oxc/issues/1117) for rules from `eslint-plugin-import` that are not yet implemented or not planned to be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Oxlint

[Oxlint](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter.html) is a high-performance linter for JavaScript and TypeScript, built on the Rust-based `Oxc` compiler stack. It's intended to be fully backwards-compatible with ESLint, having ported most of the ESLint rules, as well as those from popular plugins including `eslint-plugin-import`.

The migration process from ESLint is covered in [the Oxlint documentation](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/migrate-from-eslint.html), and can be done automatically from an ESLint flat config using [`npx @oxlint/migrate`](https://github.com/oxc-project/oxlint-migrate).

> [!NOTE]
> Oxlint is not necessarily a full drop-in replacement, as not all of the `eslint-plugin-import` rules have been, or will be, implemented. Check [the GitHub issue](https://github.com/oxc-project/oxc/issues/1117) to view the progress.
```

Some tweaks to make it more concise, WDYT?

Author: Looks good to me, should we make the same kind of change to the other file?

Reviewer: yes please!

Reviewer: done it! I also fixed the suggestion comment application that went weird (my fault)
